c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\AccountOperations.dll.config
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\AccountOperations.dll
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\AccountOperations.pdb
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\obj\Debug\AccountOperations.dll
c:\users\lxv8630\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\obj\Debug\AccountOperations.pdb
C:\Users\lxv8630\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\obj\Debug\AccountOperations.Models.DBQueries.resources
C:\Users\lxv8630\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\obj\Debug\AccountOperations.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\lxv8630\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AccountOperations\AccountOperations\obj\Debug\AccountOperations.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
